Minor improvement: more details on API calls (#2312)
d2l-ai/d2l-en: chapter_multilayer-perceptrons/mlp-implementation.md

As always, we allocate memory
for the gradients of the loss with respect to these parameters.

:begin_tab:`mxnet`
In the code below, we first define and initialize the parameters
and then enable gradient tracking.
:end_tab:

:begin_tab:`pytorch`
In the code below we use [`nn.Parameter()`](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/generated/torch.nn.parameter.Parameter.html)
from the `torch` standard library to automatically register

> a class attribute as a parameter to be tracked by `autograd`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a class attribute as a parameter to be tracked by [`autograd`](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/autograd.html).
```

            tf.keras.layers.Dense(num_outputs)])
```

Notice the use of the `Sequential()` API and
the lack of definition of `forward()`.

> Until now, we coded `forward()` to
> define how to transform an input `X`
> by mean of the network parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Until now, we defined a `forward` method to transform the inputs
using the network parameters.
```

However, those operations are essentially a pipeline:
you take an input and
apply a transformation (e.g.,
matrix multiplication with weights, plus bias addition);
take the output of such transformation and use it as
input to next transformation, etc.

The default `d2l.Module.forward()`
simply invokes `self.net(X)` which is now defined
as a sequence of transformations.

In other words, the `Sequential()` API abstracts the forward process
enabling us to focus on the transformations.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
